Define multiset operations (#475)
JuliaCollections/DataStructures.jl: docs/src/accumulators.md

merge(a, a2)     # return a new accumulator/counter that combines the
                 # values/counts in both a and a2
```

> merge is the multiset sum (Sometimes written ⊎) operation.

Reviewer: `merge` is the multiset sum (sometimes written ⊎) operation.

> ## Use as a MultiSet

Reviewer: You seem to be inconsistent in your casing of multiset.

> An `Accumulator{T, <:Integer}` such as is returned by `counter`, is a [multiset](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiset) or Bag, of objects of type `T`.

Reviewer: If you don't care about the second parametric type then maybe write as: `Accumulator{T}`

Reviewer: Ok, I think maybe you should write this as `Accumulator{T, V<:Integer}` because at first I thought you had a typo and meant `Accumulator{T<:Integer}`

Reviewer: Alternatively `Accumulator{T, <:Integer} where T` would also indicate it was done on purpose to me

If the count type is not an integer but a more general real number,

> then this is a form of fuzzy multiset.

Reviewer: Why is this word wrapped so early while other lines are not wrapped

> We support a number of operations to support the use of `Accumulators` as multisets.

Reviewer: `Accumulator`s

> Note that these multiset operations will throw an error if the accumulator has negative or zero counts for any items,.

Reviewer: `,.`

```julia

setdiff(a1, a2)          # The opposite of `merge` (i.e. multiset sum),
                         # Returns `a1` with the count of items in `a2` removed, down to a minimum of zero

>                          # max(a1[v] - a2[v], 0) over all `v` in universe

Reviewer: max should be in backticks

union(a1, a2)            # multiset union (sometimes called maximum, or lowest common multiple)
                         # returns a new multiset with the counts being the higher of those in `a1` or `a2`.
                         # max(a1[v], a2[v]) over all `v` in universe

intersection(a1, a2)     # multiset intersection (sometimes called infimum or greatest common divisor)
                         # returns a new multiset with the counts being the lowest of those in `a1` or `a2`.
                         # Note that this means things not occurring in both with be removed (count zero).

>                          # min(a1[v], a2[v]) over all `v` in universe

Reviewer 2: "intersection" -> "intersect"

```

> 

Reviewer: Too much extra whitespace

reset!(a, x)     # remove a key x from a, and return its current value

merge!(a, a2)    # add all counts from a2 to a1
merge(a, a2)     # return a new accumulator/counter that combines the
                 # values/counts in both a and a2
                 # `a1[v] + a2[v]` over all `v` in the universe
```

`merge` is the multiset sum (Sometimes written ⊎) operation.

## Use as a multiset

An `Accumulator{T, <:Integer} where T` such as is returned by `counter`,
is a [multiset](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiset) or Bag, of objects of type `T`.
If the count type is not an integer but a more general real number, then this is a form of fuzzy multiset.

> We support a number of operations supporting the use of `Accumulators` as multisets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support a number of operations supporting the use of `Accumulator`s as multisets.
```
